SjASMPlus Z80 Cross-Assembler v1.21.0 (https://github.com/z00m128/sjasmplus)
Pass 1 complete (0 errors)
Pass 2 complete (0 errors)
warning[backslash]: File name contains \, use / instead (\ fails on most of the supported platforms): C:\workspaces\ZXCompiler\zxcompilergui\compiledBasic.asm
compiledBasic.asm(4): error: Label not found: ZXHeapClear
compiledBasic.asm(5): error: Label not found: runtimeSaveSP
compiledBasic.asm(11): error: Label not found: runtimeClearStringArray
compiledBasic.asm(15): error: Label not found: runtimeClearStringArray
compiledBasic.asm(19): error: Label not found: runtimeClearStringArray
compiledBasic.asm(25): error: Label not found: runtimeClearStringArray
compiledBasic.asm(34): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(39): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(49): error: Label not found: runtimeInk
compiledBasic.asm(52): error: Label not found: runtimePaper
compiledBasic.asm(54): error: Label not found: runtimeCls
compiledBasic.asm(60): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(63): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(64): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(66): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(72): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(75): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(76): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(78): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(84): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(87): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(88): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(90): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(96): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(98): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(100): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(106): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(109): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(110): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(112): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(116): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(121): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(126): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(131): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(140): error: Label not found: runtimeCls
compiledBasic.asm(144): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(149): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(154): error: Label not found: runtimeCls
compiledBasic.asm(158): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(163): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(172): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlGtDE
compiledBasic.asm(177): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLltDE
compiledBasic.asm(180): error: Label not found: runtimeAndHLDE
compiledBasic.asm(181): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(186): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(208): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(209): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(220): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(225): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(232): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(236): error: Label not found: runtimePrintAt
compiledBasic.asm(239): error: Label not found: runtimePrintFixString
compiledBasic.asm(241): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(245): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(250): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(264): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(274): error: Label not found: runtimeRND
compiledBasic.asm(277): error: Label not found: runtimeIntToFloat
compiledBasic.asm(283): error: Label not found: runtimeIntToFloat
compiledBasic.asm(284): error: Label not found: runtimePlusFloat
compiledBasic.asm(285): error: Label not found: runtimeFloatToInt
compiledBasic.asm(297): error: Label not found: runtimeChr
compiledBasic.asm(298): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(299): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(312): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(324): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(335): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(353): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(356): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreStringVarFix
compiledBasic.asm(361): error: Label not found: runtimeRND
compiledBasic.asm(364): error: Label not found: runtimeIntToFloat
compiledBasic.asm(370): error: Label not found: runtimeIntToFloat
compiledBasic.asm(371): error: Label not found: runtimePlusFloat
compiledBasic.asm(372): error: Label not found: runtimeFloatToInt
compiledBasic.asm(384): error: Label not found: runtimeChr
compiledBasic.asm(385): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(386): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(396): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(400): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(409): error: Label not found: runtimeCls
compiledBasic.asm(423): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(434): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(441): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(443): error: Label not found: runtimePrintAt
compiledBasic.asm(445): error: Label not found: runtimePrintInt
compiledBasic.asm(447): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(451): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(456): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(460): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(466): error: Label not found: runtimePlot
compiledBasic.asm(468): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(470): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(481): error: Label not found: runtimeDraw
compiledBasic.asm(483): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(487): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(498): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(503): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(507): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(513): error: Label not found: runtimePlot
compiledBasic.asm(515): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(517): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(528): error: Label not found: runtimeDraw
compiledBasic.asm(530): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(534): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(538): error: Label not found: runtimePlot
compiledBasic.asm(540): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(542): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(548): error: Label not found: runtimeDraw
compiledBasic.asm(550): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(554): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(563): error: Label not found: runtimePlot
compiledBasic.asm(565): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(567): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(573): error: Label not found: runtimeDraw
compiledBasic.asm(575): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(581): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(585): error: Label not found: runtimePrintAt
compiledBasic.asm(588): error: Label not found: runtimePrintFixString
compiledBasic.asm(590): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(594): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(611): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(620): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLltDE
compiledBasic.asm(621): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(626): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(635): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(645): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(646): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(654): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlNeDE
compiledBasic.asm(664): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(672): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(680): error: Label not found: runtimePrintAt
compiledBasic.asm(683): error: Label not found: runtimeChr
compiledBasic.asm(684): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(686): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(687): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(694): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlGtDE
compiledBasic.asm(701): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(709): error: Label not found: runtimePrintAt
compiledBasic.asm(711): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(713): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(726): error: Label not found: runtimePause
compiledBasic.asm(730): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(738): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLEqDE
compiledBasic.asm(751): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(761): error: Label not found: runtimeChr
compiledBasic.asm(762): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(763): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(770): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(775): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(816): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlGtDE
compiledBasic.asm(817): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(822): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(831): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(841): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(842): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(850): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLEqDE
compiledBasic.asm(855): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(865): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLEqDE
compiledBasic.asm(866): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(871): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(888): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlGtDE
compiledBasic.asm(889): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(894): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(909): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLGeDE
compiledBasic.asm(910): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(915): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(923): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(932): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(943): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(948): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(975): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(982): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(987): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(996): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1004): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1012): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1017): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1029): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1034): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1045): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1053): error: Label not found: runtimePrintAt
compiledBasic.asm(1056): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1066): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(1067): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1069): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1073): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1084): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1106): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlGtDE
compiledBasic.asm(1107): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(1112): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1121): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1131): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(1132): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(1141): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLEqDE
compiledBasic.asm(1142): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(1147): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1165): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlGtDE
compiledBasic.asm(1166): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(1171): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1180): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1190): error: Label not found: runtimePushFixedSubString
compiledBasic.asm(1191): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(1199): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlNeDE
compiledBasic.asm(1206): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1216): error: Label not found: runtimeChr
compiledBasic.asm(1217): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(1218): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(1222): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1231): error: Label not found: runtimeStoreFixedStringWithRangeFromBstr
compiledBasic.asm(1233): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1246): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1258): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1263): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1278): error: Label not found: runtimeInk
compiledBasic.asm(1291): error: Label not found: runtimeDiv16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1296): error: Label not found: runtimeRND
compiledBasic.asm(1304): error: Label not found: runtimeIntToFloat
compiledBasic.asm(1308): error: Label not found: runtimeFloatToInt
compiledBasic.asm(1313): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1316): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1318): error: Label not found: runtimePrintInt
compiledBasic.asm(1320): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1322): error: Label not found: runtimePrintInt
compiledBasic.asm(1324): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1330): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1334): error: Label not found: runtimePrintInt
compiledBasic.asm(1335): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(1337): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1344): error: Label not found: runtimeMult16bit
compiledBasic.asm(1350): error: Label not found: runtimeFindLine
compiledBasic.asm(1359): error: Label not found: runtimeUsrUDG
compiledBasic.asm(1368): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLltDE
compiledBasic.asm(1369): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(1374): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1381): error: Label not found: ZXFreeStringVar
compiledBasic.asm(1392): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1395): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1397): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1399): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1401): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1402): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(1413): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLltDE
compiledBasic.asm(1414): error: Label not found: runtimeNotHL
compiledBasic.asm(1419): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1448): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1455): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1459): error: Label not found: runtimeChr
compiledBasic.asm(1460): error: Label not found: runtimePrintString
compiledBasic.asm(1461): error: Label not found: runtimePrintNewline
compiledBasic.asm(1463): error: Label not found: ZX_P_FLAG
compiledBasic.asm(1464): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(1473): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1478): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1678): error: Label not found: runtimeInkey
compiledBasic.asm(1679): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(1681): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(1688): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHlNeDE
compiledBasic.asm(1693): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1699): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1706): error: Label not found: runtimeInkey
compiledBasic.asm(1707): error: Label not found: runtimeCode
compiledBasic.asm(1709): error: Label not found: ZXFreeTempCompact
compiledBasic.asm(1716): error: Label not found: runtimeCmpHLEqDE
compiledBasic.asm(1721): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1727): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1732): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
compiledBasic.asm(1737): error: Label not found: runtimeCheckBreak
> Compiled Basic = 4727 bytes
Pass 3 complete
Errors: 267, warnings: 1, compiled: 2558 lines, work time: 0.063 seconds
